Development Plan:

We are totally revamping how dialogue works! 
When I am done with this, I will have a dialogue system possibly the first of its kind!
Every villager will spawn in with a main personality, an immutable secondary personality, and an
additional second personality subject to change over time (low chance every 100 or so interactions,
only tracked after raising your affection with them to a higher level). Their job only changes if
you change their work station, but mood will fluctuate over time. Events will also fluctuate somewhat,
but are typically very simple things like birthday (anything to do with memory of villagers like this
is tracked globally in a dictionary-like object only for villagers with very high affinity), or things
like the weather. Later on slightly more interesting uses for this include keeping a rolling buffer
that tracks the ID of the last blocks placed/mined or enemies killed and potentially commenting on 
whichever is the highest if it meets some flag (ie: you are getting a lot of flowers recently, are
they for me by chance?)

Dialogue will be structured like this. A line of dialogue will be constructed whenever an
interaction event is being handled. there will be two methods toggleable by a config or by 
memory consumption. A variable that simply updates on config toggle or a periodic memory check, an 
enable switch that is an AND between the memory usage threshold and config seems good. 

Assuming memory usage is within reasonable boundaries, we will do it this complex way:
1. If a villager has a prefix quirk, roll a 20% chance for them to preface their statement with this
--> Something like "Hey!" "Ohohohoho~" "Howdy!" "Hehe..." "Oh!"
2. Next, randomly select main, job, secondary personality, mood, or event dialogue. Try to keep 
---- these somewhat balanced. I think it is ideal to have something like 40/20/10/10/10/10 for
---- main/job/secondary1/secondary2/mood/event. 
3. Next, select if you will modify it with an additional personality trait
---> if you do, randomly select between main, secondary1, secondary2, job (profession related
---- idioms might work here), or mood. These modifications can go before or after the core idea,
---- it will make no difference in practice. They are interjections that indicate tone, stored in 
---- the tonalmarks json in speech_quirks and indexed by their corresponding trait.
---- If you do not use this, just put the main idea as-is
4. Finally, if they have a suffix quirk, 20% chance to end their statement with it. 
----> something like "yknow?" "right?!" "figures.." etc... 

Realistically string concatenation of this level should take very little time and memory but in the
case where this somehow hampers performance, just grab a random core idea, ignore step 3 entirely. 


Possible update in the long term:
-Purposefully constructed madlib-like combinatoric dialogue like "EVENT," ",REACTION" tagged by mood,
could allow for more influence from the secondary trait, possibly 

